PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy governs the use of the services provided by Bored Workforce (referred to as "we," "us," or "our"). We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users and ensuring the security of any information provided to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and safeguard any non-personal information that may be collected during your interaction with our services.

    Information Collection
    We do not collect any personal data from users of our services. Personal data refers to any information that can directly or indirectly identify an individual, such as names, email addresses, or any other personally identifiable information. We do not track or store any user activities, browsing history, or any other data related to the user's online behavior.

    Usage of Information
    Since we do not collect personal data, we do not use any personal information for any purpose.

    Third-Party Services
    We do not integrate or interact with any third-party services or APIs that would collect or process personal data.

    Security
    We take the security of our users' information seriously, even though we do not collect any personal data. We implement reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect any non-personal information that may be transmitted during the use of our services. However, please note that no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is completely secure and, therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security.

    Children's Privacy
    Our services are not intended for individuals under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. If we become aware that personal information from a child under 13 years of age has been inadvertently collected, we will take immediate steps to delete such information.

    Changes to this Privacy Policy
    We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes made to the policy will be posted on our website or through other appropriate communication channels. By continuing to use our services after any modifications to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge and accept the updated terms.